We will start the recording and we will use this recording to see if the recording spoken to the speaker of the device is enough for the quality to be transmitted to Whisper. So Thomas, from that I will send you the MP3, but in any case, think about how we could give a process and as long as possible, have something that improves the experience. So I find it very simple to start the voice recording next to me, to put me in speaker, it's something that can suit Guillaume too, he can control when he records it or not from his iPhone and behind it is simply what is the next step. You then provide the tool, which takes as input a MP3 or in any case an audio file of any size, even if you split it. We can try to start with something that will be short, we will have something of maybe 5 minutes that I will send you later to do the test, but if it is too big, it would be necessary that your tool can split it, send something through the API to get the transcript and then we do a second call API to chatGPT to get a summary. But there too, it is the same problem as Pierre-Alexandre had on his contracts, that is to say that we are also limited in input on the other models. So there, it also depends on how we do it, because the size of the final transcript, for example we have been talking about it for a while, I think it makes a lot of tokens. Yes, in the results of your analysis, you will say here is my component works in the limits of 1, you have to put the speakers of the device, 2, it does not work if we have a recording that lasts more than 10 minutes and 3, there may be other things, so you will put them in the results and after that, we will try to improve. Ok, it works. Ok, with Next, maybe you're not done. Yes. No, I had a last task, it was just WhisperWebDemo v2, so these are features that I added with the prompt and input language, these are optional parameters that can be given to the API that I had presented in the PowerPoint. So there, we can test these parameters, see what they do more, how they can improve the quality of the transcript, all that. Ok, so there you have a second version of your tool. It just has additional parameters that can be added. Ok, so we will say that a demo would be quick to do, it is a complement to the existing one. I would be interested in you repeating the demo, that you record it yourself or with the help of one of us, and that we can then capitalize it on top of the previous demo. It's in the tasks, video recording demo v2. Ok. In backlog ready. Ok. Very good. I will take the hand, you will probably need it to do what you want, I send you the link of the blog so you can read it. For my part, I did not have too much clearance today, I was on a Jamadeus subject, I had to check the compliance that we had on Azure. Normally it is corrected. You corrected the three records? The three records. Normally it is corrected. I will let you see if you have news on the dashboard side. I will check when I have time. I will send them an email with the correction of the four I had on my side. There is one left, but it assumes that you have to activate Defender and we have additional costs if we do it. So I'm waiting to see it. After maybe you can activate it with the email and deactivate it behind. It will be enough to fix the issue. I'm waiting to see the process of update of the report, how it works. We will not rush for it, it remains an important action. I told them that we were in the process of resolving, I think they are satisfied with the thing and we will see for the last open point. It works. It's all on my side. Thank you Samy for that, it was an important point. One of the actions, maybe Samy, which would be important, is to add the login part on the web applications. Do you know what to do or do you not know? Because that's what I did on Amadeus. Yes, I see what to do in the idea. I don't have the specifics. Typically, connecting from the cloud on a web app is not very complicated. We just need to see if we go through the authentication. In this case, we need to have the login page. Or see if we use a custom directory to us. For the moment, we don't need to add users outside of Accenture. I would be in favor of activating the AD Accenture. Normally it's not very complicated. When you're well occupied on your stuff on Amadeus, there's no problem. But when you have a shooting window, ping me, I would be interested in us watching it together. I think it will go faster. If you have links, send them to me. I could check before we call each other. Because if it's not feasible, we won't discover it by calling. Don't worry. Ok, it works. Who's next? I can continue. Go ahead. Thanks. I was already wondering about the delivery of Thomas. Is there anything that will be demo tomorrow? Before moving on to my tasks. So I would be in the demo planning. The best would be to show the PowerPoint and at the same time I do the demo. I show the PowerPoint and I show the video because the elements in the PowerPoint talk about what we're going to show in the demo. So we should do two in one. You should tell us the title of the demo you're going to do. An explicit title. Whisper Web Demo Prompt and Input Optional Parameter. Can you put it in the chat please? I would have it for the… Can I give more details? No, I don't want you to give more details. I just want you to be more functional than technical. So optional parameter, ok. But I would like to know what are the parameters that we are talking about. And that it appears in the title. Prompt and Input. And how could you translate it in a more… More fluent way for someone who is not initiated. How to improve the transcript quality with Prompt and Input Optional. But your input, we agree that this is an audio file. The input is in the transcripts. That's what I'm going to show tomorrow. If, for example, I speak very, very, very, very bad English, he won't recognize that it's English. There is an optional parameter to specify the language in fact. The language that he expects in the transcript. For example, if I speak Japanese badly or something, he won't automatically transcribe it into Japanese. On the other hand, if I add the optional parameter JA, the ISO code of the language, he will say, ok, it's Japanese. He will get me the results transcribed into Japanese. Okay, so here, your title, for me, it would be rather Demo Whisper Version 2, How to improve transcript with additional parameter. Demo Whisper. And there, it's the prompt. The prompt is to give a context or guide in the style… I will explain that. Ok, it's How to improve the transcript and… That's it. Ok, that's the title. So we know what it's about. So, ok. Camille, I'll let you continue. I have 2-3 points to update. Ok. So, on my side, I reworked on the Excel document with the different documents. It was reviewed with Alejandra. For her, it seems ok. If you have a moment, I'd like you to look at it, please, Alexandre, to tell me if you like it or if you see any improvements. That way, I can move forward. You're talking about Excel. I also moved forward on the V3. You're talking about Excel with the list of deliverables. Yes, exactly. Ok. So, I put all the deliverables on which we work and we worked on, those that were already demos and those to come. So, if you look at them and see any improvements, don't hesitate. At least give me a review task. I'll put it right after the daily, so I don't take too much time. I'll put the file directly in the task, so it'll be easier. Then, I worked on the V3 of the OpenAI products with the competitors. I also moved forward. If you can also check for yourself, Alexandre, if it's good or if you need to dig deeper. So, I went back to this file. I was wondering if, for example, Whisper has a lot of limitations. I listed some competitors for Whisper. I don't know if it can be interesting for you, Thomas, to look and if it can help you move forward in your tasks. Don't hesitate to check the deliverable. I'll take note, thank you. With pleasure. Ok, so this deliverable is for me a candidate for this week's demo. Ok, the PowerPoint file? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. I'll just wait for your feedback if I need to fine-tune the slides or add details or whatever by tomorrow. But yes, I think it's a candidate file. Totally. Ok. And then I started working on the service releases calendar, which we talked about yesterday. Yes, it's at the very beginning. I barely looked for GPT-4. There is no specific date. I put that in the comments. But what they say is that it should come out this week. But there is no specific date yet. They say mid-March. It's the Excel calendar, right? Yes, that's exactly it. And that's in progress. Ok. The calendar template in question is something that we can present tomorrow for review. Well, tomorrow is tomorrow, right? Yes, it's tomorrow. We can present it for review to confirm what are the milestones that Guillaume would like to be added in terms of monitoring. Ok. So for the moment, we say that tomorrow there will be Thomas' presentation, the OpenAI and Competitors products file, and the Excel file with the release calendar. In any case, these are the candidates, but it may not be the same. Yes. No, just for the moment, these are the three that we talked about. Just to keep them in mind to update the agenda. Ok. Wasn't there my demo too? I don't know if you've already talked about it. No, but I thought since she's talking about the calendar, you've already talked about it compared to what we said yesterday. The list of things in demo is what I would like to finalize now. So I'm waiting to see who talked and who didn't, but I would like to make sure that we are all in it. Did you finish, Camilla? Yes. Ok, who is next? I'll take the next one. Go ahead. I finished the two tasks that were on the subject of Python script, Word files conversion, and just the realization of the demo for tomorrow. So you, the title of your demo is? It's the title of the task, it's parsing contract and injection for fine tuning on OpenAI. Ok. So you also add it to the agenda, Camilla? Yes, if you can, just like Thomas, put it in the chat, so I put the right title. Thank you very much. No problem. Anything else, Pierre-Alexandre? Or was it good for you? No, it's good for me. Ok. So I can continue. Go ahead. I did the Bill Pipeline document review with Thomas. I took a few notes. For example, when I left for an example of a Java app, he was from Next. It was not the same in a few stages. I have to mention that it depends on the technology, in this stage it can vary. And that's all. And then I also did a review with Osama, where I sent him the code for AirContact. We tried to put this in place in his local environment and started to see the code. And we are doing that. I also have to validate the code that has been pushed. I haven't done the review yet. I will do it after the review. And it's good on my side. Ok. Are there any elements to put in the demo for tomorrow concerning you? No, I don't think so. Maybe the improvements. For example, Osama added the pop-up. Yes, there is an update on the UI. We can show it quickly tomorrow. The title of the demo is OpenAI. What was the title of the app? We said something about our front-end. We just put AI Front. But we have to find a better name that indicates what the app does. It compares the models. It's OpenAI Model Compare. We can start with that. It's an improvement of the UI for the OpenAI Model Compare app. Try to formulate it and send it by chat to Camelia. What is the update? As it's an update, we have to specify it in the agenda. What are we going to show? It's the responsive design on mobile and the addition of models' descriptives. Ok. It's a short demo, so we might have to set a timing to show the importance of each subject. Maybe on Thomas' demo, there are 5 minutes, but on this one, there are only 2. On Pierre-Alexandre's, it's more advanced, so we have to set 10 minutes. Ok. Ok, thanks. Anything else? Ok. Who's next? Alejandra, did you speak? No, I didn't. I have to go soon. I just looked at the Excel file with Camelia for the deliverables. We also worked on the Excel file for the release. I will talk with Camelia to see if we can make the list. I already told you about it, but I would like to go back to the idea, because for me it's much easier to do it in the list than in the Excel file. I don't know if you can see it, but I think I shared the list with everyone. I don't know if you received a message, an email or something. I didn't see it. We can look at my Excel files, at least I know I can make a copy and paste. The idea is that I can make a copy and paste in Excel, and include it in a Powerpoint report, in an email, and filter with it. If we talk about the planner part, it doesn't help me. You can export it to Excel, but I didn't try to see how it looks. I can try to look at it. But there is the option to export it to Excel. My feedback is that for the moment, what you are proposing, I don't necessarily see it as an improvement. You tell me it's easier. Yes, it's easier to follow. For me it's easier, but we can do it in Excel. I don't know, maybe it's easier, but I don't feel it's easier for me. Maybe I'm wrong, and you should correct me. Now, as I don't see it as a big added value, I don't give it a big priority. Maybe it's a mistake on my part, but that's what I want to tell you. I don't want you to waste time because I don't see the value. If you are really convinced that it's something that is really better to do, I don't want to cut you off in your momentum, especially if you do it on top of your project. But I don't see a big added value today. Ok, we continue with Excel. Anyway, for me it's better. Ok. Ok, Osama, I don't remember if you passed. Me, no. So you're the last one, I think. I'm the last one. I had some questions for him on the front part, general questions and good practices on the things I did, if it was the right way. He answered me, so thank you to him. And then I had the CI that didn't pass because there was a Testim Tatar that didn't pass. So I was able to take the time to fix that and make the necessary changes. And then I made a pull request for Merge, what I did on Main, and I'm waiting for it to be validated. Then I saw with Sheik for Contact AR, set up my environment to have the code together, the added data, we know where to put them in the code, etc. Yeah, so there's a lot of cleanup, there are files that are useless. Test 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, up to 8, you just have to keep the 8 for example. But I sent my POC archive to Sheik, don't keep everything, do a good cleanup on that. Okay. Okay, that's good for you? Yes, it's good. Okay, so you will be associated with Sheik for the demo on the UI updates. That's right. So I'm just going to finish myself. I have two main inputs, let's say on top of everything we said. The first is that the agenda on which you work, Camilia, we need something that is clear and understandable. That's why I asked you to formulate delivery names that speak, that explain what will be presented. And once again, this week, we are late to announce the deliverables that we will present in the demo on Wednesday. We are making progress and learning, but one thing that we need to do better is to be able to establish this list earlier. And I would like to say, let's create the task of the demo agenda for next week now. So we try to set the agenda for next week on Friday. That would be the target. We'll see if we can do it, but we'd have to set up a list of things that we're planning for the demo at the end of this week. For what will be presented next Wednesday, that is, the 22nd. If we set up the list on Friday night, we can send the invitation update with our agenda. And so that Guillaume can see what will be presented to him on Wednesday. So today, we're not ready yet for a demo that will be tomorrow, so it won't be easy to be ready on Friday. What are we missing? I need to do reviews on the deliverables we've listed. But in theory, we already have the ability to propose a theoretical agenda. We know what topics should be ready. So basically, if I haven't done the review of the Excel file yet, it doesn't stop me from saying, it's in our target and we're going to present it. If at the last minute I say, the deliverable is not ready, we'll remove it from the agenda. We'll say, no, this item will be presented next week. So if we have a 5-point agenda and we only have two to present at the end, it's a shame. But it's true that it could happen if we're not ready for that. So basically, the theoretical agenda, we can send it directly. Even if I haven't done all the reviews to confirm that we're presenting well. So we should do that, but we should do it even earlier. So what I'm asking everyone is to start thinking about what each deliverable will be for the next week. I'm giving this to you because it's one of the points that Guillaume gave me. We had a synchro point on Monday, I think. And he told me, I don't know, there's a demo, yes, but I don't know what's going to be presented. So he doesn't know because we haven't sent him the agenda yet. And we should do it. As we do for client projects, we indicate what we're going to deliver. So it's a bit like that. We have to indicate what we're going to deliver. Second, there is a need to give more visibility on the deliverables that have been produced. So it's going to be important what you're going to present, Camilla, on the chat.gpt competition or the Excel file that will group the list of deliverables. It's part of the demo for tomorrow, it's on the agenda. Because Guillaume still lacks visibility on what he has as information that is available to him in what we've been working on. So why? There are good and bad reasons. But at least there's the fact that we didn't do a review with him for several weeks in a row. And so he didn't get the information that was sent to him. And it's not our fault. But we have to solve the issue, anyway. The last thing is that he needs to be able to be fed more continuously in everything that's going on in the field. So that means if we have news that is interesting in terms of chat.gpt innovation, it could be in other areas of innovation, like the arrival of Mesh, the exact date, it could be something that will be around quantum computing or I don't know what. These elements remain candidates, even if we focus more on AI today. It's still in the list of articles that are interesting to try to identify. And it's going to be something that everyone here in the group has to be able to do. I did it yesterday to try to show you an example of what could be interesting to communicate. I posted three articles this morning about Microsoft's contribution to chat.gpt, to OpenAI. There was an article from Bloomberg, two articles that were published on the Microsoft website. I identified three articles that provided interesting information and you should do it as soon as there is another article that you see. The first action is to try to find sources that are more English-speaking. Bloomberg or the Microsoft website is good, it can be used afterwards. And post it in the discussion related to our project, as I did. Tomorrow, if I see another article, I will try to continue doing it. Beyond that, there is an action that will be subordinate, it is to be able to not only have them posted in the chat, but also to keep them somewhere in memory. I don't know if everyone will do it, but it will mean another Excel file or another tab where you can log important information. In each article you post, you should add a line to the file and be able to come back later to find the information. I remember an article two months ago that talked about what Facebook was going to do to respond to all this. The article is lost in the chat, it is very difficult to find. I know that if I open this Excel file, it is listed in it and I can easily find the link and the reference. Guillaume also asked me this because he needs to be sure not to miss articles, he does it himself, but he is a receiver of all information that we can generate, to identify additional articles. So let's try to expand the range of identification of interesting and official information that is available. We try to record only new articles, so if you find an article that is very interesting but that dates from last year, it will not necessarily be published in this article. It will depend on the case, maybe it will be worth it, maybe not. But we will rather aim for the news that are fresh. Yesterday I published something about the Microsoft posts of the 13th, it was the same day, in any case it was this morning, so it was the next day. So this is the kind of thing that you have to try to identify to have the latest information on date. Is it clear to you, this little work of everyone? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. OK, in the chat of our team, do not hesitate, I want to say, it does not matter if you are wrong, if the article has already been posted by someone. After that we can always comment, if we think that the source is not sure, etc. But still master a little, I do not ask you 10 per day each, that would be a lot. But today, if there is one each every day, it will be at the top. I do not even ask that there is one each every day, but that there is at least one in the team per day. It would be the volumetry that would be not bad. But if there are two, if there are three, it's good too. OK, so I logged a task associated with that. If there is a need for more clarification, or to come back to it, we can do it. I will have to leave you, I will continue in... we have a little bit of time for today. I will continue on another meeting right now. The reviews, Camilla, you gave me the task. Do not wait for my reviews to establish the agenda and publish it in the meeting update and add it to the chat. OK, that works. I have already updated in the meeting, I will update in the chat too. OK, and then you can make a notification, you do at Guillaume, please, see the agenda for tomorrow and you call him at that time. When you do an at, he will receive the notification. The notification, yes, OK, it works. I do that right away. OK, thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Ciao. Ciao. Ciao. Ciao. Thank you.
